===
Facebook
===

https://developers.facebook.com/policy/#features

these are worth paying attention to but we should be ok as long as we focus on
the inside fb experience.

11.Apps on Facebook may not integrate, link to, promote, distribute, or redirect
to any app on any other competing social platform.

12.The primary purpose of your Canvas or Page Tab app on Facebook must not be to
simply redirect users out of the Facebook experience and onto an external site.


https://developers.facebook.com/policy/#data

need to be careful about these in poco and ostatus. maybe switch to their
User.third_party_id, like they suggest?
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/api/user/

...no, because you can't map it back to a user. still, this is dangerous because
we are passing it to third parties like they say we can't. maybe use it anyway?

7.You will not use Facebook User IDs for any purpose outside your application
(e.g., your infrastructure, code, or services necessary to build and run your
application). Facebook User IDs may be used with external services that you use
to build and run your application, such as a web infrastructure service or a
distributed computing platform, but only if those services are necessary to
running your application and the service has a contractual obligation with you
to keep Facebook User IDs confidential.

8.If you need an anonymous unique identifier to share outside your application
with third parties such as content partners, advertisers, or ad networks, you
must use our mechanism. You must never share this anonymous unique identifier
with a data broker, information broker, or any other service that we may define
as such under our sole discretion.


https://developers.facebook.com/policy/#data

can only use friend connections/graph if *both* users have opted into app:

11.You cannot use a userâ€™s friend list outside of your application, even if a
user consents to such use, but you can use connections between users who have
both connected to your application.

If a user grants you a publishing permission, you must still obtain consent from
the user before taking any action on the user's behalf, such as publishing
content or creating an event.


https://developers.facebook.com/policy/#integration

need per post opt in for fanning in posts from this user's acct on other
networks? at least, if we actually post on their behalf.

3.If a user grants you a publishing permission, you must still obtain consent
from the user before taking any action on the user's behalf, such as publishing
content or creating an event.



===
Twitter
===

https://dev.twitter.com/terms/api-terms

hrm. syndicating any data (beyond IDs) to any third party is totally banned,
which covers basically the whole thing if using my app id(s). using their app id
and me as a library would be ok though. my service but using their app id passed
through, not sure...?

I. 4. You will not attempt or encourage others to:
    sell, rent, lease, sublicense, redistribute, or syndicate access to the Twitter API or Twitter Content to any third party without prior written approval from Twitter.
        If you provide an API that returns Twitter data, you may only return IDs (including tweet IDs and user IDs).
        You may export or extract non-programmatic, GUI-driven Twitter Content as a PDF or spreadsheet by using "save as" or similar functionality. Exporting Twitter Content to a datastore as a service or other cloud based service, however, is not permitted.

